Misc minor edits - exception handling, pipe reader, top-level domain (#35941)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/release-notes/aspnetcore-10/includes/pipe-reader.md

### Json+PipeReader deserialization support in MVC and Minimal APIs

PR: https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/pull/62895

See https://github.com/dotnet/core/blob/dotnet10-p7-libraries/release-notes/10.0/preview/preview7/libraries.md#pipereader-support-for-json-serializer

MVC, Minimal APIs, and the `HttpRequestJsonExtensions.ReadFromJsonAsync` methods have all been updated to use the new Json+PipeReader support without requiring any code changes from applications.

> For most applications, the addition of this support has no effect on their behavior. However, if the application is using a custom `JsonConverter`, there's a chance that the converter doesn't handle [Utf8JsonReader.HasValueSequence](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.text.json.utf8jsonreader.hasvaluesequence) correctly. This can result in missing data and errors like `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` when deserializing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For most applications, the addition of this support has no effect on their behavior. However, if the application is using a custom <xref:System.Text.Json.Serialization.JsonConverter>, there's a chance that the converter doesn't handle <xref:System.Text.Json.Utf8JsonReader.HasValueSequence%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> correctly. This can result in missing data and errors like <xref:System.ArgumentOutOfRangeException> when deserializing.
```

> The quick workaround (especially if you don't own the custom `JsonConverter` being used) is to set the `"Microsoft.AspNetCore.UseStreamBasedJsonParsing"` [AppContext](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.appcontext?view=net-9.0) switch to `"true"`. This should be a temporary workaround and the `JsonConverter` should be updated to support `HasValueSequence`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The quick workaround (especially if you don't own the custom `JsonConverter` being used) is to set the `"Microsoft.AspNetCore.UseStreamBasedJsonParsing"` <xref:System.AppContext> switch to `"true"`. This should be a temporary workaround and the `JsonConverter` should be updated to support <xref:System.Text.Json.Utf8JsonReader.HasValueSequence%2A>.
```
